							Population Change Model (PopulationCM)

									Reference

General description

	PopulationCM is a program for predicting population changes.The program allows you to predict the population size in the future, as well as visualize this data
in the form of a graph.

Menu

	File
		Open
			This function is needed to load input data into the program. The input file format is .csv. The table should contain two columns - the first 
			should contain the years, the second should contain the corresponding population size. There can be as many lines as you like, but the first 
			line must contain the column headings. When the file is uploaded, a message will appear at the bottom of the main window. Shortcut is ctrl+O.
			Example:
			Years | Numbers |
			1956  | 38      |
			1957  | 53      |
			1958  | 64      |
			1959  | 49      |
			1960  | 32      |
			1961  | 39      |

		Save predictions
			This function saves to the repository (by default C:/) the output file output.csv, with population prediction. When the file is saved, a message
			will appear at the bottom of the main window.Shortcut is ctrl+S.

		Change repository
			With this function, you can change the repository where the output file will be saved. By default this repository is C:/.

	Draw
		Draw N
			This function draws a graph of the change in the population according to the original data. The plot also shows a linear regression for this 
			dataset.

		Draw N predictions
			This function predicts the change in population size and draws a graph based on this dataset.

		Draw ? (growth coefficient)
			This function draws a graph of the growth rate of the population according to the initial data.

		Draw R (growth rate)
			This function draws a graph of the specific population growth rate according to the initial data.

	Table
		Table
			This function outputs a table with the original data.

		Table predictions
			This function outputs a table with population change prediction data.

	Parametrs
		Parametrs
			With this function, you can change the parameters for predicting population change. And more specifically: prediction period, number
			of curves, averaging factor. By default these values are 30, 1000, 5 respectively.

	Help
		Help
			This function opens help (this document). 